well in come the thing they call di break heart this bless love will never part you do ne know it from the start I tell they say a dutty yeah a Sean Paul and Sasha come sing fi they baby [ Verse 1 : Sasha &amp ; Sean Paul ] though you make I holler though you make I sweat I can not get you tenderness still I can not get you off my mind what be it about you baby ? a just the dutty dutty love [ Chorus 1 : Sean Paul &amp ; Sasha ] I be still in love with you boy well I be a hustler and a player and you know I be not a stayer that 's the dutty dutty love I be still in love with you boy so girly try to understand that a man be just a man that 's the dutty dutty love I be still in love with you boy bless loving from the start but you know we have to part that 's the way I give my love I be still in love with you but a man get to do what a man get to do girl ! well I never have fi promise you no bling bling fi hold you girl well , a just the loving weh mi fling fling control you girl and a-make you head swirl and a-make you body twirl and a-make you want to be my one and only baby girl night after night I give you love fi keep you warm gyal , you never get this kinda loving from you bear and now you want draw card , say I just can not perform [ Bridge 1 : Sean Paul &amp ; Sasha ] I love you baby a true you get the likkle loving and I go ? you do not know how to love I I and I nuh have no time for no kiss and charm not even how to kiss I a true I take you likkle heart by storm ? I do not know why Baby girl , baby girl I love you baby a just the dutty dutty love [ Chorus 2 : Sean Paul &amp ; Sasha ] I be still in love with you boy well I be a hustler and a player and you know I be not a stayer that 's the dutty dutty love I be still in love with you boy so girly can not you understand that a man be just a man that 's the dutty dutty love I be still in love with you boy the bless loving from the start but you know we have to part that 's the way I give my love I be still in love with you yo , but a man get to do what a man gotta do , girl hey ! a true I give she thug love and say , " bye , bye , bye " I turn around , she ask the question , " why ? , why ? , why ? " when I leave , I see the gyal cry cry cry and it hurt my heart fi tell a lie lie lie so do not cry no more Baby girl for sure just remember the good time we have before [ Bridge 2 : Sean Paul &amp ; Sasha ] I love you baby a true you get the likkle loving and I go ? you do not know how to love I I and I nuh have no time for no kiss up nor charm not even how to kiss I a true I take you likkle heart by storm ? I do not know why hey baby girl I love you baby a just the dutty dutty love [ Chorus 3 : Sean Paul &amp ; Sasha ] I be still in love with you boy well I be a hustler and a player and you know I be not a stayer that 's the dutty dutty love I be still in love with you boy so girly do not you understand that a man be just a man that 's the way I give my love I be still in love with you boy the bless loving from the start but you know we have to part that 's the dutty dutty love I be still in love with you but a man gotta do what a man gotta do , girl I do not know I do not know I do not know why I do not know I do not know I do not know why I do not know I be still in love with you boy with you boy 