" Mr. durst ? " " yeah ? " " we need you help . pull into the diner about now should be four top - secret agent . one of they be carry a briefcase . you mission be to obtain the disc from the briefcase . " all the tension in the world today all the little girl fillin ' up the world today when the good come to bad , the bad come to good but I be a live my life like I should now all the critic want to hit it , ya shit can how we do it just because they do not get it - but I will stay fitted , new era committed now this red cap get a rap from these critic do we always get to cry ? do we always get to live inside a lie ? Life 's just a blast that 's movin ' really fast you better stay on top or life will kick you in the ass follow I into a solo - remember that , kid so what you want to do ? and where you go to run when you be starin ' down the cable of a mic point at you grill like a gun ? limp bizkit be rockin ' the set - it 's like russian Roulette , when you be placin' , you bet so do not be upset when you be break and you be do ' cause I be a be the one ' till I jet I know why you want to hate I I know why you want to hate I I know why you want to hate I ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately I know why you want to hate I I know why you want to hate I now I know why you want to hate I ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately and now you want to hate I ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately and now you want to hate I ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately do anybody really know the secret ? or the combination for this life and where they keep it ? it 's kinda sad when you do not know the meanin ' but everything happen for a reason I do not even know what I should say ' cause I be a idiot , a loser , microphone abuser I analyze every second I exist beatin ' up my mind every second with my fist and everybody want to run everybody want to hide from the gun you can take that ride through this life , if you want but you can not take the edge off the knife and now you want you money back but you be deny ' cause you brain 's fry from the sack and there be not nothin ' I can do ' cause life be a lesson , you learn it when you be through I know why you want to hate I I know why you want to hate I I know why you want to hate I ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately I know why you want to hate I I know why you want to hate I now I know why you want to hate I ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately and now you want to hate I ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately and now you want to hate I ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately now I know why now I know why now I know why now I know why now I know why you want to hate I now I know why you want to hate I now I know why you want to hate I ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately ' cause hate be all the world have even see lately " hello ? " " Mr. durst ? abort the mission , the man in the diner have decoy . thanks anyway . " " this message will self - destruct in five seconds . " 