here 's a new dance craze that 's sweeping the nation it 's call the Toxic Waltz and it 's cause devastation you be jump up and down like a psycho circus clown Slamming with waltzer all the way around you get catch up in the whip Thrown into a flip you aim for someone 's head to stain the floor red give someone a kick to prove you be truly sick Bounce back from some blow and blood run out you nose flail round and round and you be injury bound Waltz it up ! the pit be it ! you can take you chance on this rough new dance if you dare ! to dive in ! there be some that try but they do not survive they do not hit ! ' cause they be wimp ! and this exercise help you brutalize with we ! Exodus ! everybody 's do the toxic walt Kick you friend in the head and have a ball come on and do the toxic walt and slam you partner against the wall everybody 's do the toxic walt good friendly violent fun in store for all get up off you ass and toxic walt if you hit the floor you can always crawl ! use to do the monkey but now it 's not cool the twist and mash potato be no exception to the rule so do not be a dunce and dance like a runt just throw you elbow with good friendly violent fun do not start to cry if you get a black eye just dive back in and give another try but too much action May leave you in traction so you better get insurance no matter you endurance flail round and round and you be injury bound Waltz it up ! the pit be it ! you can take you chance on the rough new dance if you dare ! to dive in ! there be some that try but they will not survive they do not hit ! ' cause they be wimp ! and this exercise help you brutalize with we ! Exodus ! everybody 's do the toxic walt Kick you friend in the head and have a ball come on and do the toxic walt and slam you partner against the wall everybody 's do the toxic walt good friendly violent fun in store for all get up off you ass and toxic walt if you hit the floor you can always crawl ! get up on you foot do not look so obsolete and thrash like a athlete ! do not sit there on you ass do not look like you get too much class you will be harass ! you know we guarantee this be the key so rage or get the third degree ! you begin frontal assault and start you somersault and do the toxic walt ! do the toxic walt ! do the toxic walt ! do the toxic walt ! do the toxic walt ! 