when you run , digger , runner , listener , thief you carry it all with you today I wake up uncertain and you know that give I the fit so I leave this land of fungible conviction because it seem like the pit when I say conviction I mean it 's something to abjure and when I say uncertain I mean to doubt I will not turn out a caricature so I go off in search of my forebear ' cause my forbearance be in need but the only job I could get in dear old Blighty be work on the railway between selby and leed so I take a ferry to belfast where I have cause to think they want none of my armchair conviction but nobody seem to mind when I be put on the drink you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? ah , but they hate you , they hate you ' cause you be guilty so I stay out all night in Ibiza by way of San sebastian where they say " yankee , you better watch what you be say unless you be say it in Basque or in Catalan " then all the way east to Novi Sad Nary a bridge be to be see but mother Russia , she laid she pontoon on down so I cross over , if you know what I mean then on the road to Damascus yes , the scale , they fall from my eye and the simplest lesson I learn at the mount of Olives that everybody lie and the french foreign Legion you know they do they best but I never believe in T.E. Lawrence so how the hell could I believe in Beau Geste , huh ? you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? ah , but they hate you , they hate you ' cause you be guilty and ... you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you why would you think they would hate you , now would you ? ah , but they hate you , make no mistake they hate you I spend a night in Kigali in a five diamond hotel where maybe someday they will do the Watusi on down in Hutu hell I fall in with the merchant marine who promise to take I home but when I wake up all beaten and bloody I could not tell if it be Jersey or Sierra Leone come on ! you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? ah , but they hate you , they hate you ' cause you be guilty so ... you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you why would you think they would hate you , now would you ? ah , but they hate you , make no mistake they hate you and the knock in my head just like the knock at my door and maybe it be I or maybe it be my brother but either I or I and he go down to the bar where I get seven power in I for to give I the cure when seven power fail to spin I I have to get I seven more and when I say I I mean my brain and when I say give I the cure I mean to kill the pain and when I say kill the pain I mean to get the devil out and when I say devil I mean the manifestation of doubt what about ! you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? ah , but they hate you , they hate you ' cause you be guilty and ... you do not think they could hate you , now do you ? you do not think they could hate you why would you think they would hate you , now would you ? ah , but they hate you , make no mistake they hate you 