do not try to explain you mind , I know what 's happen here one minute it 's love and suddenly it 's like a battlefield one word turn into war why be it the smallest thing that tear we down ? my world 's nothing when you be go I be out here without a shield can not go back now both hand tie behind my back for nothing oh no these time when we climb so fast to fall again why we get to fall for it now ? I never mean to start a war you know I never want to hurt you do not even know what we be fight for why do love always feel like ... a battlefield a battlefield a battlefield why do love always feel like ... a battlefield a battlefield a battlefield why do love always feel like ... can not swallow we pride , neither of we want to raise that flag if we can not surrender , then we both go to lose what we have oh no both hand tie behind my back for nothing oh no these time when we climb so fast to fall again I do not want to fall for it now I never mean to start a war you know I never want to hurt you do not even know what we be fight for why do love always feel like ... a battlefield a battlefield a battlefield why do love always feel like a battlefield a battlefield a battlefield I guess you better go and get you armor get you armor I guess you better go and get you armor get you armor I guess you better go and get you ... we could pretend that we be friend tonight and in the morning , we would wake up and we would be alright ' cause baby , we do not have to fight and I do not want this love to feel like ... a battlefield a battlefield a battlefield why do love always feel like ... a battlefield a battlefield a battlefield guess you better go and get you armor I never mean to start a war you know I never want to hurt you do not even know what we be fight for why do love always feel like ... a battlefield a battlefield a battlefield why do love always feel like ... a battlefield a battlefield a battlefield I guess you better go and get you armor get you armor I guess you better go and get you armor get you armor why do love always feel like ... ohh why do love always feel like ... a battlefield a battlefield I never mean to start a war do not even know what we be fight for I never mean to start a war do not even know what we be fight for 