in the past there be argument for and against casual sex . then it become a question of morality . these day it can be a question of life or death . it 's as simple as that . and this song be not about casual sex there 's thing that you guess and a'things a' that you know there 's boy you can trust and a'girl that you do not there 's little thing you hide and little thing that you show sometimes you think you be go to get it but you do not and that 's just the way it go I swear I will not tease you wo not tell you no lie do not need no Bible just look in my eye I have a'wait so long baby now that we be friend every man 's get he patience and here 's where mine end I want you sex I want you love I want you sex I want you sex it 's playin ' on my mind it 's dancin' on my soul it 's take so much time so why do not you just let I go I 'o really like to try oh , I 'o really love to know when you tell I you be go to regret it then I tell you that I love you but you still say no I swear I will not tease you wo not tell you no lie do not need no Bible just look in my eye I have wait so long baby out in the cold I can not take much more girl I be lose control I want you sex I want you love I want you sex I want you . sex it 's natural , it 's chemical it 's logical habitual it 's sensual but most of all sex be something that we should do sex be something for I and you sex be natural , sex be good not everybody do it but everybody should sex be natural , sex be fun sex be best when it 's one on one one on one hoo ah I be not you father hoo ah I be not you brother hoo ah talk to you sister hoo ah I be a lover hoo ah hoo ah hoo ah c-c-c-c-c-c-come on what 's you definition of dirty baby ? what do you consider pornography ? do not you know I love it till it hurt I baby ? do not you think it 's time you have sex with I ? what 's you definition of dirty baby ? what do you call pornography ? do not you know I love it till it hurt I baby ? do not you think it 's time you have sex with I ? ow ! sex with I ow ! sex with I mmmm have sex with I c-c-c-c-c-c-come on ************************* oh so much love , that you have never see let 's make love , put you trust in I do not you listen to what they tell you because I love you , let I hold you oh , I be not you brother I be not you father oh will you ever change you mind ? I be a gentle lover with a heart of gold but baby you have be so unkind ... oh come on I want you sex come on , I want you sex that 's right , all night oh , I want you sex I want you . sex sexy baby 's 's sexy body keep I gue with a promise I know we can come together but the question be will we ever ever ? sexy baby 's 's sexy body keep I gue with a promise I know we can come together but the question be will we ever ever ? Ohhh together you and I I want you love 