Los Angeles , give it up one more time for akon ! Lonely , I be Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own oh , I be so lonely I be Mr. Lonely I be Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own oh , I be so lonely yo akon ! what up , dude ? you comin ' or what , man ? no , I get a lot on my mind , I be a let y' all go ahead , man alright . come on . alright , alright , let 's do this yo , this one here go out to all my player out there , man you know , that get that one good girl , dawg that 's always be there , man like , take all the bullshit but then one day she can not take it no more and decide to leave yeah , I wake up in the middle of the night and I notice my girl be not by my side could have swear I be dreamin ' for she I be feenin ' so I have to take a little ride backtrackin ' on these few year Tryin ' to figure out what I do to make it go bad ' cause ever since my girl leave I my whole life come crashin ' , and I be so . Lonely I be Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own oh , I be so lonely I be Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own oh , I be so lonely can not believe I have a girl like you and I just let you walk right out of my life after all I put you through you still stuck around and stay by my side what really hurt I be I break you heart Baby , you a good girl and I have no right I really want to make thing right ' cause without you in my life , girl , I be so . Lonely I be Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own oh , I be so lonely I be Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own oh , I be so lonely be all about the world Ai not never meet a girl that could take the thing that you be through never think the day would come where you would get up and run and I would be out chasin ' you ' cause be not nowhere in the globe I would rather be Ai not no one in the globe I would rather see than the girl of my dream that make I be so happy , but now so lonely Lonely I be Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own oh , I be so lonely I be Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own oh , I be so lonely never think that I would be alone I do not think you would be go this long I just want you to call my phone so stop playin' , girl , and come on home Baby girl , I do not mean to shout I want I and you to work it out I never wish that I would ever hurt my baby and it 's drivin ' I crazy , ' cause I be so . Lonely I be Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own oh , I be so lonely I be Mr. Lonely I have nobody for my own oh , I be so lonely so lonely , so lonely Mr. Lonely , so lonely so lonely , so lonely so lonely , Mr. Lonely 