this be a motherfuckin emergency ~! Zone fo' , St. Louis - you ready ? Haha , a - T - L ... let 's go ! I tell y' all I be go ' change the game L.A. all day ! they can not stop ya boy they can not stop ya boy , I get money ! y'all motherfucker be not ready , hey ! [ hook : Fergie , with Nelly ] just walk through the door , what 's it go to be ? I can not get to the floor , boy all over I where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? I just walk through the door , what 's it go to be ? I can not get to the flo ' , girl all over I where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? it 's Nelly motherfucker comin ' straight up out the Lou ' and all you New Edition - ass rapper better cool it now ' Fore I make a fool of y'all , paper stack as tall as Yao Ming , look at the bling , setting in ring lookin like basketball [ hook : Fergie , with Nelly ] just walk through the door , what 's it go to be ? I can not get to the floor , boy all over I where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? I just walk through the door , what 's it go to be ? I can not get to the flo ' , girl all over I where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? well it 's Fergie motherfucker comin straight from Cali - for - ni - a Stuntin in my loc - loc , dreamin ' bout I M.I.A Boyfriend wonderin where I be at , cause I be in the spot - spot why he always tryin to be puttin I down on lock lock ? [ hook : Fergie , with Nelly ] just walk through the door , what 's it go to be ? I can not get to the floor , boy all over I where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? I just walk through the door , what 's it go to be ? I can not get to the flo ' , girl all over I where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? [ Verse 3 : Nelly &amp ; Fergie ] patiently waitin and takin my time Watchin these hater do come with they rhyme Watchin these sucker all mimickin , gimmickin then they start fallin off one at a time you be the searcher but you never could find I promise you durrty I be one of a kind mold be break , the formula 's mine I kill the idea and destroy the design I be patiently waitin and takin my time now that I be here I be gettin my shine all of you hater can kiss my behind specifically speakin I be talkin ' bout mine do not need you to tell I I know that I be fine I be killin it baby so call it a crime yeah you watch it but I be stealin my time I tell you before that big girl do not cry [ break : Fergie with Nelly ] at the liquor store Girls , go fuck on tour where my party people at , oh ? [ hook : Fergie , with Nelly ] just walk through the door , what 's it go to be ? I can not get to the floor , boy all over I where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? I just walk through the door , what 's it go to be ? I can not get to the flo ' , girl all over I where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? where my party , p-party party , p-party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? where my party people at ? 