take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty oh , will not you please take I home ? take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty oh , will not you please take I home ? just a urchin live under the street , I be a hard case that 's tough to beat I be you charity case , so buy I something to eat I will pay you at another time , take it to the end of the line Rags and rich , or so they say , you gotta keep push for the fortune and fame you know it 's , it 's all a gamble when it 's just a game you treat it like a capital crime , everybody 's do the time take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty oh , will not you please take I home ? yeah - yeah take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty take I home strap in the chair of the city 's gas chamber why I be here , I can not quite remember the surgeon General say' it 's hazardous to breathe I would have another cigarette but I can not see , tell I who you be go to believe take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty take I home , yeah - yeah take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty oh , will not you please take I home , oh yeah so far - away so far - away so far - away so far - away captain America 's be tear apart , now he 's a court jester with a break heart he say , " turn I around and take I back to the start " I must be lose my mind , be you blind ? I have see it all a million time take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty take I home , yeah - yeah take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty oh , will not you please take I home , oh yeah take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty take I home , yeah - yeah take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty oh , will not you please take I home , home I want to go , I want to know oh , will not you please take I home ? I want to see , how good it can be oh , will not you please take I home ? take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty oh , will not you please take I home ? take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty oh , will not you please take I home ? take I down , spin I ' round oh , will not you please take I home ? I want to see , how good it can be oh , will not you please take I home ? I want to see , how good it can be oh , take I home ? take I down to the paradise City where the grass be green and the girl be pretty oh , will not you please take I home ? I want to go , I want to know oh , will not you please take I home ? Baby 