they say I be crazy the way you get I open , baby ooh they say I be buggin' the way I be top sweatin ' you lovin' , ooh they all sit and wonder why this feelin I can not hide it be not a question of pride , ooh it 's love , ooh it 's love they say I be trippin ' the way you get my whole life flippin' , ooh they say I be losin ' it just can not seem to keep my grip , baby ooh we all cry when we feel pain , when love be go we be not the same it be not a question of brain ooh it 's love , ooh it 's love ooh it 's love , ooh it 's love love , love , love , love , love , love love , love , love , love , love , love love , love , love , love , love , love love , love , love , love , love , love they all sit and wonder why this feelin' I can not hide it be not a question of pride it 's love it 's love love , love , love , love , love , love love , love , love , love , love , love love , love , love , love , love , love love , love , love , love , love , love do you want it on you collard green ? do you want it in you candy sweet ? do you want it on you pickle beet ? give it to I , give it to I , give it do you want it on you rice and gravy ? do you want it on you biscuit baby ? do you want it on you black - eye peas ? feed it to I , feed it to I , feed it ooh it 's love , ooh it 's love do you want it on you collard green ? do you want it in you candy sweet ? do you want it , do you want it Gimme it , gimme it do you want it on you biscuit baby ? do you want it on you rice and gravy ? do you want it on you black - eye peas ? come on gimme , gimme , gimme , give it to I love , love , love , love , love , love love , love , love , love , love , love love , love , love , love , love , love love , love , love , love , love , love give it , give it , give it , give it do you want it on you collard green , uh ? do you want it in you candy sweet , uh ? do you want it , do you do you want it ? give it , give it , give it , give it do you want it on you rice and gravy ? do you want it on you black - eye peas ? do you want it on you sweet baby ? give it up , give it up , give it up , give it to I Gimme that love , gimme that love , gimme give it to I , give it to I , give it give it to I , give it to I , give it give it to I , give it to I , give it ... 