slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I ughh ! I like it like that she work that back , I do not know how to act slow motion for I , slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I ughh ! I like it like that she work that back , I do not know how to act slow motion for I , slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I I be a dick thrower , she neck and she back hurt cut throater , have you like a brand new virgin it 's like when you get use of it then you start serve hop up on top and start jicky - jicky - jerk slow down for I , a- you move too fast my finger keep slipping , I be tryna grip that ass keep be hard - head and I be a make you get on I get human enough disguise but my face be a doggy if you loving my bark let I bury my bone I get four or five bad marry bitch at home one of my bitch feel in love with that outside dick that outside dick keep they hoe sick like ughh ! I like it like that she work that back , I do not know how to act slow motion for I , slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I ughh ! I like it like that she work that back , I do not know how to act slow motion for I , slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I it 's like I get the world in my palm you girl up under my arm , she fuck up from the charm she love the way the dick stay hard from 12 ' till early in the morn ' Fine bitch if you listen , you hear I , I be strong if you go through you cycle , I be not with it , I be go you must have hear about they hoe that I beat up in my home they be not tell the truth baby , you know they be wrong now , make it official , wind up some of that dome I do not mind buy blue , you riding to do not be ask nigga question about where I be drive you Lil mama my shit together , I be not jive you I do not think that nigga could do you better then I could do , ya know and Juvenile from cross the street by the derby same nigga that use to be run with Rusty and Kirby can a playa from the ' Nolia get a chance with it ? but I can not bounce with you without use my hand with it ughh ! I like it like that she work that back , I do not know how to act slow motion for I , slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I ughh ! I like it like that she work that back , I do not know how to act slow motion for I , slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I slow motion , she open , I be hope she do not leave my dick break with brush burn and swell I be toting , she want I to make she out a believer I gurantee ya I be a see ya when I see ya and just do not holla out my name like we be all that you pussy throw back and you know that so stop stunt , slow motion for a real nigga I be go off that incredible potion and I be a deal with ya I like how that Victoria secret sit in that ass let I pour some more hip and Hennsey in you glass would I be violate if I grab I a handful ? I know what 's happen , all I want be a sample who you with ? I be in the rental today it 's go down and happen and I remember the way less money we spend on bullshit , the more for the weed what 's it go to take for you to come slow motion with I ? like ughh ! I like it like that she work that back , I do not know how to act slow motion for I , slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I ughh ! I like it like that she work that back , I do not know how to act slow motion for I , slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I ughh ! I like it like that she work that back , I do not know how to act slow motion for I , slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I ughh ! I like it like that she work that back , I do not know how to act slow motion for I , slow motion for I slow motion for I , move in slow motion for I 