I love you ... I love you , I love you ... Baby I love you , you be my life my happiest moment be not complete if you be not by my side you be my relation and connection to the sun with you next to I , there 's no darkness I can not overcome you be my raindrop , I be the seed with you and God , who 's my sunlight , I be bloom , grow so beautifully Baby I be so proud , proud to be you girl you make the confusion go all away from this cold and misty world I be in love with you you set I free I can not do this thing call life without you here with I cause I be dangerously in love with you I will never leave just keep loving I the way I love you loving I I be in love with you you set I free I can not do this thing call life without you here with I cause I be dangerously in love with you I will never leave just keep loving I the way I love you loving I I know you love I , love I for who I be cause year before I become who I be , baby you be my man I know it be not easy , easy loving I I appreciate the love and dedication from you to I later on in my destiny I see myself have you child I see myself be you wife and I see my whole future in you eye the think of all my love for you , sometimes make I want to cry I realize all my blessing , I be grateful to have you by my side I be in love with you you set I free I can not do this thing call life without you here with I cause I be dangerously in love with you I will never leave just keep loving I the way I love you loving I every time I see you face , my heart smile every time it feel so good , it hurt sometimes created in this world to love , to hold , to feel , to breathe to live you dangerously in love , yeah I be in love with you you set I free I can not do this thing call life without you here with I cause I be dangerously in love with you I will never leave just keep loving I the way I love you loving I dangerously Dangerous , dangerously in love with you oh , I love you , I love you , I love you , I love you I love you .. oh yes .. I love you , ooh ... I love you , love you , love you , love you , love you ... love you ... I love you ... I love you , I love you ... I love you ... dangerously in love ... 